Adventure: The Text Adventure!
1
All responses will be a 1 or 2, enter number and press enter to progress.
King- "Sir Edward, I have summoned thee to engage in a
quest. The dragon has awakened, and thou must vanquish it."
8
"Sir Edward, surely thou shalt accept my request."
15
"INSOLENT FOOL, THOU SHALT PAY FOR THY DISOBEDIENCE!"
The king impales you with his spear.
Despite your best efforts, you were 
unable to dodge the mighty blow.
You have died. GAME OVER
1000000
"Good, then be off on your grand adventure."
You leave the castle, heading out with your trusty steed.
The road ahead branches in two directions.
22
You head out toward Garenhelm.
On the way, you meet a page named Erick.
29
"NO!" you shout in a mighty rage, and you kill him
on the spot. He looked too suspicious.
However, his family saw you from their carriage nearby.
Erick's family begins to pursue you.
36
As soon as they draw near, you realize that Erick's father
is Sir Valdar, the Great. He overtakes you before you
can flee and slays you with a mighty stroke of his halberd.
You have died. GAME OVER
1000000
You flee back to the crossroads.
43
"Oh, then I shalt join Thee."
You and Erick continue to Garenhelm.
You stop at a store to buy supplies.
50
Shopkeeper-"That costs 5000000000 rupees."
You-"Sir.. One could not possibly even carry that many."
Shopkeeper-"Then thou shant be buying."
You-"Well, I suppose I shall purchase the Tuff Gum."
Shopkeeper-"An excellent purchase."
The party continues to the Lord's Manor.
57
At that moment, an assassin mistakes you for the Lord,
and fires an arrow into your skull. You die instantly.
Erick shrugs and continues on his way alone.
Your only friend abandonned you. GAME OVER
1000000
You enter the Lord's Manor.
Lord-"I am very sorry, but the bridge is out.
Thou must take the path through Elfgard."
You leave and return to the crossroad.
64
You Proceed to chew the Tuff Gum you purchased earlier.
King-"What art thou doing here?"
You-"I have come to defeat thee!"
With Erick's help and the mighty power of Tuff Gum,
you kill the King and claim his throne.
The dragon comes, but you were prepared.
"Fire the missiles!" you shout, and the dragon is 
vanquished. The nuclear fallout horribly mutates
the people of your Kingdom. You are a horrible king.
THE END
1000000
You have escaped Erick's Family.
You continue along the path, but trip and fall in a river.
You die the shameful death of drowning. GAME OVER
1000000
You continue along the path, but trip and fall in a river.
However, Erick catches you by the hand and drags you back on shore.
71
"Take that, you spiteful pebble!" you boast triumphantly as you kick
the stone you tripped on into the river. Erick is not amused.
He pushes you back into the river, mumbling as we walks off,
"Ungrateful son of a..." You drowned. GAME OVER
1000000
You continue on to the town of Elfgard.
Elf Woman-"Care to help a poor woman?"
78
Your reach for your wallet, but the woman transforms
into a beautiful maiden as you do.
Elf Maiden-"My name is Arour, and thou hast broken my curse.
I shall join you on your quest."
You continue on with the aid of Arour to Dragon City.
85
You strike down the woman.
"We have not time for thee, we must continue to Dragon City!"
You continue to Dragon City.
92
You hear a great voice:
"FOOLS, THOU DID NOT CHOOSE THE RIGHT DOOR!"
You hear a chuckle before you are all struck dead instantly.
You were the victim of a bad pun. GAME OVER
1000000
You enter the correct house and meet the Dragon.
"ROOOOOAAAAAAAWWWWWRRRRRRRRR!" the Dragon shouts, as the battle commences!
99
You go in for the attack, but the Dragon tears your head off.
1000000
You enter the correct house and meet the Dragon.
"ROOOOOAAAAAAAWWWWWRRRRRRRRR!" the Dragon shouts, as the battle commences!
106
You chew your Tuff gum, hoping it will help you dodge, but it does not.
The Dragon Tears you in half.
As your vision fades, you see Erick fighting the Dragon, alongside
another man you've never seen and a beautiful maiden.
You try to call out for help, but you cannot make a sound. 
Your life fades... GAME OVER
1000000
You chew your Tuff gum, hoping it will help you dodge.
Arour attacks it from the rear, and Erick from the right,
keeping the Dragon occupied. You go in for a blow at the neck,
and by some miracle you land a deadly blow on the dragon.
Erick mumbles something about Tuff Gum and lucky shot.
However, you ignore it.
113
Despite both of you being covered in filthy dragon jiblets,
you make out with Arour. Erick grumbles "Come on, let's go already."
You head back to the castle, and the King rewards you each handsomely.
You say your goodbyes to Erick and he continues his own journey.
Then you and Arour get married and live above-averagely ever after.
THE END
1000000
"HA! No dragon can best me!" you boast.
Arour is disgusted at your boastfulness, and leaves in a huff.
You shrug it off and continue on your boastful way back home.
Erick grumbles the whole way back, but you ignore him.
The King rewards you each handsomely, and Erick storms out.
Later, Erick becomes Overlord of the Undead and Commander
of Demons. You become the first man on the moon, due to
the Kingdom's impressive Aerospace program.
THE END?
1000000